Equifax is seeking creative, high-energy and driven software engineers with hands-on development skills
 to work on a variety of meaningful projects. Our software engineering positions provide you the
 opportunity to join a team of talented engineers working with leading-edge technology. You are ideal for
 this position if you are a forward-thinking, committed, and enthusiastic software engineer who is
 passionate about technology.
 What you’ll do
 ● Design requirements on small systems or modules of medium systems (large scale) environment
 and technical documentation.
 ● Applybasic principles of software engineering and follow instructions.
 ● Provide meaningful feedback on the release process, code review, and design review.
 ● Easily absorb and apply new information.
 ● Display a cooperative attitude and share knowledge.
 ● Apply modern software development practices (serverless computing, microservices architecture,
 CI/CD, infrastructure-as-code, etc.)
 ● Workacross teams to integrate our systems with existing corporate product platforms
 ● Participate in technology roadmap and architecture discussions to turn business requirements
 and vision into reality.
 ● Participate in a tight-knit engineering team employing agile software development practices.
 ● Leverage automation within scope of effort
 What experience you need
 ● Bachelor's degree (Graduate 2025)- CS/IT/E&TC
 ● Experience with Java software programming experience
 ● Experience with Cloud technology: GCP, AWS, or Azure
 What could set you apart
 ● Self-starter that identifies/responds to priority shifts with minimal supervision
 ● UIdevelopment (e.g. HTML, JavaScript, Angular and Bootstrap)
 ● Experience with backend technologies such as JAVA/J2EE, SpringBoot, SOA and Microservices
 ● Source code control management systems (e.g. SVN/Git, Github) and build tools like Maven &
 Gradle.
 ● Agile environments (e.g. Scrum, XP)
 ● Relational databases (e.g. SQL Server, MySQL)
 ● Atlassian tooling (e.g. JIRA, Confluence, and Github)
 ● Developing with modern JDK (v1.7+)
 ● Automated Testing: JUnit, Selenium, LoadRunner, SoapUI
 Are you ready to power your possible? Apply today, and get started on a path toward an exciting new
 career at Equifax, where you can make a difference!
 Equifax is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration
 for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity,
 national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran.